Update release notes for for 0.27.4 release (#472)
astronomer/docs: software_versioned_docs/version-0.27/release-notes.md

We're committed to testing all Astronomer Software versions for scale, reliability and security on Amazon EKS, Google GKE and Azure AKS. If you have any questions or an issue to report, don't hesitate to [reach out to us](https://support.astronomer.io).

## 0.27.4

Release date: March 8, 2022

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed an issue where you could not install Astronomer Software 0.27 or 0.28 in an airgapped environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where you could not install Astronomer Software v0.27 or v0.28 in an [airgapped environment](install-airgapped.md)
```
